---
layout: default
title: Tapia 2016, Austin, TX
subtitle: "Diversity Matters!"
banner: Tapia2016/banner.jpg
confdate: September 14-17, 2016
bofdate: September 15, 2016
location: Renaissance Austin Hotel, Austin, TX
bovnavigation: true
event: bof
year: 2016
---

We had two events at this conference. A breakfast sponsored by IBM & EquitableTech Entrepreneurs and our traditional BOF.

**Birds of a Feather**: Hispanic in Computing Community

**Abstract:**
The Hispanics in Computing group was founded a few months before the Tapia 2009 Conference. After Tapia 2011 in San Francisco we created a listserv and a Facebook group. The list members have gathered at every Tapia conference since 2009, during that time the community
has grown to about 350 members. Some members have
gone from graduate students to faculty members. The Tapia conference has become our yearly gathering to meet old friends and make new ones. Each conference results in at least 20 new members to the list. This BOF continues the yearly gathering of the Hispanics in Computing. The gathering allows many of us to meet face to face and discuss issues facing Hispanics. We seek participation from the audience to evolve the group to match the community’s interest. We also discuss how academic institutions in the US can better serve growing number of Hispanics.

**Organizers**: 

* Jose Morales, Carnegie Mellon University – CERT
* Manuel Pérez-Quiñones, University of North Carolina at Charlotte
* Dan Garcia, UC Berkeley
* Patricia Ordoñez, University of Puerto Rico Río Piedras
