---
layout: default
title: Tapia 2017, Atlanta, GA
subtitle: "Diversity: Simply Smarter!"
banner: Tapia2017/banner.jpg
confdate: September 20-23, 2017
bofdate: September 21, 2017
location: Hyatt Regnech, Atlanta, GA
event: bof
bovnavigation: true
year: 2017
---

We had two events at this conference. A breakfast sponsored by IBM & EquitableTech Entrepreneurs and our traditional BOF.

**Birds of a Feather**: Hispanics in Computing Community

**Abstract:**
The Hispanics in Computing community was founded a few months before the Tapia 2009 Conference. Since then, the group has been meeting at this annual conference. The group has grown in numbers and online presence (Facebook, LinkedIn, and http://www.hispanicsincomputing. com/). The impact of this gathering in our community has been tremendous. Several members of the community that attended our BoF as young graduate students are now in tenure track positions or employed in research organizations. This BOF will allow many of us to meet face to face and to welcome new members to our group. The goal for this year’s gathering is to explore how to do virtual mentoring to help increase ties within the community. Bringing us together allows us to continue nurturing and sponsoring younger Hispanics to succeed in computing.

**Organizers**: 
* Manuel A. Pérez Quiñones, University of North Carolina at Charlotte
* Jose Andre Morales, Carnegie Mellon University
* Daniel Garcia, UC Berkeley EECS
* Patricia Ordoñez Rozzo, Universidad de Puerto Rico, University of Puerto Rico, Río Piedras
