---
layout: default
title: Tapia 2018, Orlando, FL
subtitle: "Diversity: Roots of innovation"
banner: Tapia2018/banner.jpg
confdate: September 19-22, 2018
bofdate: September 20, 2018
location: Hyatt Regency, Orlando, FL
event: bof
bovnavigation: true
year: 2018
---

Hope you were able to join us at the 2018 Tapia Conference in Orlando, September 19-22, 2018. Our <i>Birds of a Feather</i> event was on Thursday September 20th followed by a <i>Hispanics in Computing Reception</i> sponsored by The Aerospace Corporation.

**Birds of a Feather**: Hispanics in Computing

**Abstract:**
The main goal of this gathering is to bring together members of an online community to broaden participation of other latinos/hispanics in computing. Every year we recruit new members to the listserv and identify new connections between established members of the community with new students. The gathering usually involves some icebreaking activities as well Q&A for the new members of our community.

**Organizers**: 

* Manuel A.Pérez Quiñones, University of North Carolina at Charlotte
* Daniel Garcia, University of California, Berkeley
* Jose Andre Morales, Carnegie Mellon University

**Hispanics in Computing Reception**
Sponsored by the Aerospace Corporation

Join us for an informal reception to discuss how we can increase the participation of Hispanics in Computing. We would like to encourage more Hispanic high school students to pursue careers in computing, more Hispanic college students to pursue research careers in computing, and encourage industry to provide support for the recruitment, mentoring, and retention of Hispanics in Computing. Come meet some of the members of the Hispanics in Computing listserv!

#### Dinner at Cuba Libre restaurant


<div class="row">
    <div class="col-md-4">
      <p>We went to the <i>Cuba Libre restaurant</i> and had a great time. Group was so large that we filled two tables.</p>
    </div>
    <div class="col-md-8">
    {% assign orgF = site.static_files | where_exp:"image", "image.path contains 'images/Tapia2018/cubalibre'"  %}
    {% include carousel.html groupName="carouselOrlando" groupFiles=orgF %}
    </div>
</div>  <!-- row -->
