---
layout: default
title: Tapia 2021 (Virtual)
subtitle: "20 Years of Celebrating Diversity in Computing"
banner: banner.jpg
comment: images from 2021-09-15 at 5.27.23 PM.png
confdate: September 14-18, 2021
bofdate: September 15, 2019
location: Virtual
bovnavigation: true
event: bof
year: 2021
---

**Birds of a Feather**: Hispanics in Computing Community

**Abstract:**
The Hispanics in Computing community was founded a few months before the Tapia 2009 Conference. Since then, the group has been meeting at this annual conference. The group has grown in numbers and online presence (Facebook, LinkedIn, and now a website <http://www.hispanicsincomputing.com/>). The impact of this gathering in our community has been tremendous. Several members of the community that attended our BoF as young graduate students are now in tenure track positions or employed in research organizations. Once again, we propose to hold our annual BoF at the Tapia Conference. The gathering will allow many of us to meet face to face and discuss issues facing Hispanics. As the undergraduate population attending Tapia grows, it is important that we serve as mentors for the new students starting their careers in computing. The goal for this year’s gathering is to explore how to do virtual mentoring to help increase ties within the community. Bringing us together allows us to continue nurturing and sponsoring younger Hispanics to succeed in computing. By the way, we also take great colorful pictures as seen in the Tapia BOF website.

**Organizer**: 

* Brianna Posadas

<div class="row">
    <div class="col-md-4">
      <p>Due to the pandemic, the conference was online (virtual).
      That didn't stop us from getting together.</p>
    </div>
    <div class="col-md-8">
    {% assign orgfiles = site.static_files | where_exp:"image", "image.path contains 'images/Tapia2021'"  %}
    {% include carousel.html groupName="hCommunity" groupFiles=orgfiles %}
    </div>
</div>  <!-- row -->
