---
layout: default
title: Tapia 2022, Washington, DC
subtitle: "A Time To Celebrate!"
banner: Tapia2022/banner.jpg
confdate: September 7-10, 2022
bofdate: September 8, 2022
location: Washington, DC
bovnavigation: true
event: bof
year: 2022
---

**Birds of a Feather**: Hispanics in Computing

**Abstract:**
The Hispanics in Computing community was founded a
few months before the Tapia 2009 Conference. Since then, the group has been meeting at this annual conference. The group has grown in numbers and online presence (Facebook, LinkedIn, and now a website <http://www.hispanicsincomputing.com/>). The impact of this gathering in our community has been tremendous. Several members of the community that attended our BoF as young graduate students are now in tenure track positions or employed in research organizations. The gathering will allow many of us to meet face to face and discuss issues facing Hispanics. These past few years have really demonstrated the importance of community to getting students through their programs, new professionals through their early career years, and more established professionals continue to make and achieve new goals. The goal for this year’s gathering is to explore how to establish and maintain a supportive community.

**Organizers**:

* Manuel Perez Quiñones, University of North Carolina at Charlotte
* Brianna Posadas, Virginia Tech

<div class="row">
    <div class="col-md-4">
      <p>The Hispanic community at Tapia 2022.</p>
    </div>
    <div class="col-md-8">

    {% assign orgfiles = site.static_files | where_exp:"image", "image.path contains 'images/Tapia2022/image_'"  %}
    {% include carousel.html groupName="hCommunity" groupFiles=orgfiles %}

    </div>
</div>  <!-- row -->
